[cover-start]
<center>
# {{ carta.fund_name }}
<br/>
### Subscription Process for proposed Subscribers
</center>
[cover-end]
<br/>
<br/>
Prospective investors should follow the instructions on this page to subscribe for a Class A Interest in the Fund (the “**Interest**”) of Fund, a series of {{carta.master_entity_name}}, a Delaware multi-series limited partnership. A prospective investor is referred to herein as “**you**” or the “**Subscriber**.”

**Subscription Instructions**. To subscribe for the Interest in the Fund, please do the following: 
•	Complete and sign the Subscriber Information Form and Anti-Money Laundering Supplement.
•	Complete U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, the appropriate Form W-8 or an equivalent as described in Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains instructions to assist you in determining which form should be completed, but those instructions are not intended to replace consultation with your own tax advisor.
•	Read the Subscription Agreement and the Privacy Notice described in Exhibit B.
•	Read the Limited Partnership Agreement and the Private Placement Memorandum that have been provided herewith.

**Initial Capital Call**. If your subscription for the Interest is accepted, you will be required to wire payment or other approved payment methods to the Fund in an amount equal to 100% of your Total Capital Commitment, including the accepted Investment Commitment.

**Questions**. For technical assistance in accessing, completing or submitting the electronic subscription signature package or other information through the Platform, please email structuring@vauban.io.  
<br/>
<br/>



[new-page]
### <center>SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT</center>
### <center>OF</center>
### <center>{{carta.fund_name}}, A SERIES OF {{carta.master_entity_name}} </center> 

The subscriber named to this Subscription Agreement (the “**Subscriber**”) hereby applies to be admitted as a Limited Partner of {{carta.fund_name}} (the “Fund”), a series of {{carta.master_entity_name}}, a Delaware multi-series limited partnership (the “**Master Partnership**”), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Subscription Agreement and in the Limited Partnership Agreement of the Fund, as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time (the “**Partnership Agreement**”). Upon acceptance of the Subscriber’s subscription, the Subscriber agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Partnership Agreement as a Limited Partner. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Subscription Agreement and its exhibits have the meanings given to such terms in the Partnership Agreement.
<br>
   ### <center>SECTION 1</center>
   1. ### SUBSCRIPTION AND INVESTMENT COMMITMENT AND SOURCING FEE

      1. **Subscription for a Limited Partner Interest**. The Subscriber hereby irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase a Class A Interest (the “Interest”) in the Fund on the terms and conditions set forth in this Subscription Agreement. The Subscriber understands that it is not entitled to cancel, terminate or revoke this subscription or any covenant or other obligation of the Subscriber under this Subscription Agreement.

      1. **Acceptance of Subscription**. Early Termination of Offering. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that {{carta.gp_entity_name}} (the “**General Partner**”) has the right, in its sole discretion, to accept or reject this subscription in whole or in part or to terminate the offering of interests in the Fund (the “**Offering**”), in each case at any time, for any reason or no reason, and without liability (except for the return of any funds previously delivered by the Subscriber without interest). Upon acceptance, the Subscriber shall be deemed to be admitted as a Class A Limited Partner of the Fund and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Partnership Agreement and to perform all of its obligations thereunder. The General Partner shall give prompt notice of the acceptance (which notice of acceptance shall be deemed given by the General Partner making available a contract note as described below) or rejection of the Subscriber’s subscription or the termination of the Offering. If the Subscriber’s subscription is rejected, or if the Offering is terminated, the Subscriber shall not have any claim of any kind or nature whatsoever against the Fund, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, members, managers, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates or representatives, other than for the return without interest of any funds previously delivered by the Subscriber.  For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding the date on which the General Partner signs the Subscription Agreement on behalf of the Fund, the Subscriber’s subscription shall be deemed accepted as of the date on which the General Partner makes available via the Platform the contract note relating to the closing of the investment in the Target Company.   

      1. **Total Capital Commitment**. The Subscriber hereby irrevocably agrees to make capital contributions to the Fund in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Subscriber’s Total Capital Commitment as determined in accordance with the Partnership Agreement, including the Subscriber’s Investment Commitment set forth in this Subscription Agreement. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that if the Subscriber fails to make full payment of any portion of the Subscriber’s Total Capital Commitment or any other payment under the Partnership Agreement when due, the Subscriber may be subject to the sale or forfeiture of the Interest and other remedies that the General Partner may impose, in its sole discretion, in accordance with the Partnership Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or that this Subscription Agreement may have been previously accepted by the General Partner, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, at any time prior to the Subscriber being admitted as a Limited Partner of the Fund, reduce the Investment Commitment of the Subscriber by such amount as it determines (which amount need not be the same or in the same percentage as any other subscriber in this Offering), and this Subscription Agreement shall thereafter be deemed amended in all respects to reflect such reduction. The General Partner shall give prompt notice of any such reduction to the Subscriber and return the corresponding portion of any funds previously delivered by the Subscriber without interest.

      ### <center>SECTION 2</center>
   1. ### REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

       1. **Representations, Warranties, and Covenants of the Subscriber.** To induce the acceptance of this Subscription Agreement, the Subscriber hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Fund and the General Partner, the Investment Adviser, and their respective officers, directors, managers, principals, partners, members, employees, agents, and other affiliates (collectively, the “**Management Parties**”), except as disclosed to the Management Parties in the Subscriber Information Form, as follows:

         1.    The Subscriber makes all the representations and warranties of a Class A Limited Partner in the Partnership Agreement.

         1.  [clause="subscriber-terms"] The Subscriber has received and has had the opportunity to review this Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund (collectively, the “**Offering Materials**”). The Subscriber has been furnished all other materials relating to the Fund and the Offering, if any, which have been requested. Furthermore, the Subscriber has been afforded an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the General Partner in connection with the Offering. 

         1.  The Subscriber first learned of the Fund and received the Offering Materials in the country and state or province listed as the principal place of business or legal residence of the Subscriber that has been provided to the General Partner before the date of this Subscription Agreement. If the location is within the United States, the Subscriber intends that, in addition to U.S. federal securities laws, the state securities laws of the state listed as the principal place of business or legal residence of that Subscriber alone, to the extent applicable, shall govern this transaction. If the Subscriber is not a resident of the United States, the Subscriber understands that it is the responsibility of the Subscriber to satisfy himself, herself or itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant territory outside of the United States in connection with the offer and sale of the Interest, including obtaining any required governmental or other consent or observing any other applicable formalities.

         1.  The Subscriber is acquiring the Interest for its own account solely for investment purposes and not for the account of others or with a view to the distribution or resale of the Interest or any interests therein. The Subscriber has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the Subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment evidenced by the Subscriber’s purchase of the Interest. The Subscriber has obtained, in the judgment of the Subscriber, sufficient information to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Fund. The Subscriber has relied on its own examination of the Fund and the terms of the Offering, including the merits and risks involved, and has reviewed the merits and risks of the purchase of the Interest with tax, legal and investment counsel to the extent deemed advisable by the Subscriber. The Subscriber has not relied and will not rely upon any representations or information (whether oral or written) other than, 
            -  the information contained in the Offering Materials and any side letter addressed to the Subscriber from the Fund or the General Partner, and 
				-  information furnished by the Fund or the General Partner (or expressly authorized by the General Partner). 

         1.  The Subscriber confirms that the Interest was not offered to the Subscriber by any means of general solicitation or general advertising. The Subscriber, either directly or indirectly through its beneficial owners, has a pre-existing business relationship with the General Partner.

         1.  The Subscriber has the financial capacity to hold the Interest purchased hereby for an indefinite period of time and can afford to bear all risks associated with the purchase of the Interest and to suffer the complete loss thereof.  The Subscriber recognizes that an investment in the Fund involves certain risks, including the risk of investing in a vehicle holding a single portfolio company rather than a diversified portfolio.

         1.  The Subscriber understands and acknowledges that the beneficial owners of the Fund have limited or no rights to, 
            -  amend or terminate the Partnership Agreement or terminate the Fund, 
				-  appoint, select, vote for or remove the General Partner, or 
				-  otherwise take part in the conduct of the business of the Fund, participate in the business decisions of the Fund or otherwise in connection with the Fund’s assets.

         1. The Subscriber acknowledges that: 
            -  the offering and sale of the Interest has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “**Securities Act**”), or the securities laws of any U.S. state or non-U.S. jurisdiction, and that the offering and sale of the Interest is being made in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering; 
				-  resales or transfers of the Interest will be significantly restricted by the Partnership Agreement; and 
				-  there will be no public market for the Interest and there is no obligation on the part of any person or entity to register the Interest under the Securities Act or the laws of any U.S. state or non-U.S. jurisdiction.

         1. The Subscriber understands that neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other federal, state or non-U.S. agency has recommended, approved or endorsed the purchase of the Interest as an investment or passed on the accuracy or adequacy of the information set forth in the Offering Materials or any other documents used in connection with the Offering. 
   
         1.  The Subscriber acknowledges that the Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “**Investment Company Act**”), by virtue of the exemption provided under Section 3(c)(1) thereof (the “**Section 3(c)(1) Exemption**”) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof (the “**Section 3(c)(7) Exemption**”). Therefore, the Subscriber understands that Limited Partners will not be afforded the protective measures provided by the Investment Company Act.  The Subscriber further understands that, in order to ensure the Fund’s compliance with the Section 3(c)(1) Exemption and/or the Section 3(c)(7) Exemption, no initial and subsequent sales or Transfers of the Interest shall be made if such sale or Transfer would violate the “one hundred beneficial owners” limitation under the Section 3(c)(1) Exemption or the “qualified purchaser” requirements under the Section 3(c)(7) Exemption, as the case may be.

         1. The Subscriber understands that the Fund will only offer for purchase Interests to no more than 100 beneficial owners; provided, however, that if the Fund is a “qualifying venture capital fund” as such term is defined in Section 3(c)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will only offer for purchase Interests to no more than 250 beneficial owners.  
         1. In connection with the Section 3(c)(1) Exemption, the Subscriber, if not a natural person, hereby certifies that:

            - it was not, and will not be, formed, organized, reorganized, capitalized or recapitalized for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest or to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company Act;

            - its stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the Interest (and any other Interest previously or concurrently being acquired by the Subscriber) and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in particular investments made by the Fund;

            - its investment does not exceed 40% of its total assets (on a consolidated basis with its subsidiaries) or, if it is a private fund, 40% of the binding, unconditional commitments of its beneficial owners;

            -  its investment in the Fund will not constitute more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund; 

            -  it is not an “investment company” within the meaning of Section 3(a) of the Investment Company Act or an entity that would be an “investment company” but for the application of the Section 3(c)(1) Exemption or the Section 3(c)(7) Exemption;

            -  it does not control, is not under common control with and is not controlled by any other Limited Partner;

            -  its ownership of the Interest (and any other Interest previously or concurrently being acquired by the Investor) will constitute beneficial ownership by “one person” for purposes of determining the number of persons who beneficially own securities of the Partnership for purposes of the Section 3(c)(1) Exemption;

            -  without the prior written consent of the General Partner, it shall not take any action that shall increase the number of beneficial owners of its Interest to more than one (1) person for purposes of the Section 3(c)(1) Exemption; and it is not: 
               -  a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act (a “**Registered Fund**”); 
					-  required to register as a Registered Fund, an affiliate of a Registered Fund or a person or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with a Registered Fund;  and 
					-  a business development company as defined in the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “**Advisers Act**”), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

         1. If the Subscriber is subscribing for:

            -  a Class A Interest, the Subscriber is 
               -  a U.S. person and 
					-  an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act; or

            -  a Class B Interest, the Subscriber 
               -  is not a U.S. person and 
					-  represents, warrants, and agrees that the Subscriber: 
                  -  will notify the General Partner immediately if the Subscriber becomes a U.S. person at any time during which the Subscriber holds or owns any Interest; 
						-  is not acquiring the Interest for the account or benefit of a U.S. person; 
						-  was physically located outside of the U.S. at the time of receipt by it of the Partnership Agreement and this Subscription Agreement; and 
						-  was physically located outside of the U.S. as of the execution date of this Subscription Agreement.   
				For purposes of this Section 2.1.13, “**U.S. person**” has the meaning given to it in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.
		
         1.  If the Subscriber is not a natural person:
            -  The Subscriber has the power and authority to enter into this Subscription Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby;
            -  the person signing this Subscription Agreement on behalf of the Subscriber has been duly authorized to executed, deliver and comply with the terms of this Subscription Agreement;
            -  such execution, delivery and compliance by the Subscriber does not conflict with, or constitute a default under, any instrument governing the Subscriber, any law, regulation or order, or any agreement to which the Subscriber is a party or by which the Subscriber is bound; and
            -  This Subscription Agreement has been duly executed by, and constitutes a legally binding agreement of, the Subscriber and does not require on the part of the Subscriber any approval, authorization, license or filing from or with any foreign, federal, state or municipal board or agency.  

         1.  If the Subscriber is a natural person or more than one natural person:
            -  all references to the “Subscriber” or “its” will be deemed to refer to the natural person and/or all signatories, and all understandings, representations, warranties and covenants will be deemed to have been made jointly and severally;
            -  the Subscriber has all requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute, deliver and comply with the terms of this Subscription Agreement;
            -  such execution, delivery and compliance by the Subscriber does not conflict with, or constitute a default under, any instrument governing the Subscriber, any law, regulation or order, or any agreement to which the Subscriber is a party or by which the Subscriber is bound; and
            -  this Subscription Agreement has been duly executed by, and constitutes a legally binding agreement of, the Subscriber and does not require on the part of the Subscriber any approval, authorization, license or filing from or with any foreign, federal, state or municipal board or agency.
         1.  If the Subscriber is acting as trustee, agent, representative, custodian or nominee for a subscriber (a “**Beneficiary**”), the Subscriber understands and acknowledges that the representations, warranties and agreements made herein are made by the Subscriber; 
            -  with respect to the Subscriber and, 
				-  with respect to the Beneficiary. 
				The Subscriber further represents and warrants that it has all requisite power and authority from said Beneficiary to execute and deliver, and perform the obligations under, this Subscription Agreement. The Subscriber agrees to indemnify the Fund, the Master Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment Adviser and their respective Affiliates, agents, employees, directors, officers, members and principals for any and all costs, fees and expenses, including, without limitation, legal fees and disbursements, in connection with any damages resulting from any misrepresentation or misstatement contained herein made by the Subscriber, or the Subscriber’s lack of proper authorization from the Beneficiary to enter into this Subscription Agreement or the Partnership Agreement or to perform the obligations hereunder or thereunder, as the case may be.  

         1.  The Subscriber is not subject to an event specified in Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act (“**Disqualifying Event**”). In the event that the Subscriber becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date of this Subscription Agreement, the Subscriber agrees and covenants to use its best efforts to coordinate with the General Partner;
            -  to provide documentation as reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any Disqualifying Event and, 
				-  to implement a remedy to address the Subscriber’s changed circumstances so that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the Fund’s or the Management Parties’ ongoing and/or future reliance on an exemption under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D. The Subscriber acknowledges that, at the discretion of the General Partner, its remedies may include, without limitation, the waiver of all or a portion of the Subscriber’s voting power in the Fund and/or the Subscriber’s transfer or sale of its Interest in the Fund.

         1.  The Subscriber agrees that neither the Subscriber nor any of its beneficial owners, if any, is a “restricted person” (a “**Restricted Person**”) for purposes of Rule 5130 promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“**FINRA**”, and the rules promulgated by FINRA, the “**FINRA Rules**”) as currently in effect. Further, the Subscriber agrees to furnish whatever information or documentation the Fund may require in order to demonstrate to the Fund’s satisfaction that the Subscriber and each of its beneficial owners, if any, is not a Restricted Person. The Subscriber undertakes to advise the Fund and the General Partner promptly in writing if the Subscriber or any of its beneficial owners, if any, becomes a Restricted Person.

         1.  The Subscriber agrees that neither the Subscriber nor any of its beneficial owners, if any, is a “covered person” (a “Covered Person”) for purposes of FINRA Rule 5131, as currently in effect. Further, the Subscriber agrees to furnish whatever information or documentation the Fund may require in order to demonstrate to the Fund’s satisfaction that the Subscriber and each of its beneficial owners, if any, is not a Covered Person. The Subscriber undertakes to advise the Fund and the General Partner promptly in writing if the Subscriber or any of its beneficial owners, if any, becomes a Covered Person.

         1.  The Subscriber is not subject to any FOIA Obligation. “FOIA Obligation” shall mean any obligation arising under a “freedom of information,” “sunshine,” “public records” or similar law to make available to the public (or to a member of the public upon request) any information relating to the Fund.

         1.  At least one of the following statements with respect to the Subscriber is true and will continue to be true throughout the period during which the Subscriber holds the Interest: 
            -  the Subscriber is not a partnership, grantor trust, S corporation, disregarded entity, or other entity treated as a pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes; 
				-  with regard to each Tax Beneficial Owner of the Subscriber, the principal purposes for the establishment or use of the Subscriber do not include avoidance of the 100 partner limitation set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii); or 
				-  with regard to each Tax Beneficial Owner of the Subscriber, not more than 50% of the value of such Tax Beneficial Owner’s interest in the Subscriber is attributable to the Subscriber’s interest in the Fund. “Tax Beneficial Owner” shall mean, with respect to the Subscriber, any person or entity that holds an equity interest in the Subscriber, either directly or indirectly through a nominee or agent or through one or more entities qualifying as partnerships, grantor trusts, S corporations, or disregarded entities, in each case as determined for United States federal income tax purposes.

         1.  The Subscriber confirms that allocations, distributions and other payments to the Subscriber by the Fund are not subject to tax withholding under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). The Subscriber hereby agrees to promptly notify the General Partner in the event that any allocation, distribution or other payment previously exempt from such withholding becomes or is anticipated to become subject thereto.

         1.  The Subscriber is not a fund of funds, which means a pooled investment vehicle that invests 10% or more of its total assets in other pooled investment vehicles, whether or not they are private funds or registered investment companies.

         1.  The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that, solely by virtue of its status as such or their rights under the Partnership Agreement, is not intended to be or become a client of the General Partner within the meaning of the Advisers Act or any corresponding provision of other applicable law. Accordingly, notwithstanding any provision of this Subscription Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner shall not be required to provide the Subscriber (in its capacity as such) with any advice, analysis or reports, or any other investment advisory services, regarding the Subscriber’s direct actual or proposed investments in any securities.

         1.  The Subscriber acknowledges that the Fund is intended and expected to pursue a venture capital strategy. Without limitation on the authority of the General Partner or the Investment Adviser otherwise arising under the Partnership Agreement, the Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Investment Adviser may elect, for purposes that may include pre-empting or terminating an obligation on the part of the Investment Adviser or its affiliated persons to register under the Advisers Act, to manage and conduct the affairs of the Fund in such manner as the Investment Adviser reasonably determines to be necessary or appropriate to cause the Fund to qualify, during all or a portion of the Fund’s term, as a “venture capital fund” within the meaning of Rule 203(l)-1 of the Advisers Act. The General Partner and the Investment Adviser similarly may elect to qualify the Fund under corresponding provisions of other applicable laws (as reasonably determined by the General Partner).

         1.  The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership Agreement specifically contemplates various transactions between the Fund and the General Partner or persons related to the General Partner. The Subscriber further acknowledges and agrees that: 
            -  due to the nature and purposes of the Fund, it may be impracticable and undesirable for the General Partner or the Fund to separately obtain the individual consent of each Limited Partner in respect of each such transaction; 
				-  the express provisions of the Partnership Agreement (together with the fiduciary duties of the General Partner as modified or defined by, and construed in accordance with, such express provisions to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) fully reflect and embody the intentions and agreement of the Partners with regard to the manner in which such transactions shall be conducted; and 
				-  the Subscriber hereby approves for purposes of the Advisers Act and other provisions of applicable law, the related-party nature and similar attributes of all such transactions that conform to the requirements of the preceding clause [ref-clause="subscriber-terms"]. The General Partner may, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
               -  request additional confirmation from the Subscriber that the approval set forth in the preceding sentence applies in connection with any particular circumstance, to which request the Subscriber shall promptly respond in good faith; or 
					-  with respect to any one or more sale, purchase or similar transactions involving securities, appoint an independent fiduciary approved by the Limited Partners and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of the Advisers Act to approve such transactions on behalf of the Limited Partners.

         1.  Except as otherwise approved by the General Partner in a written agreement, unless the Subscriber is a duly admitted member of the General Partner, the Subscriber shall not provide to the General Partner, the Investment Adviser or the Fund any advice or services that constitute the advice or services of an “investment adviser” within the meaning of Section 202 of the Advisers Act or any similar law.

         1.  The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the activities of the General Partner, the Investment Adviser and their respective Affiliates in connection with the offering of interests in the Fund are not intended to give rise to a requirement that any of such persons register as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the “**Exchange Act**”) or any other applicable law. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the General Partner, the Investment Adviser and the Fund (together with their respective Affiliates and other related persons) hereby disclaim any duties, obligations, or status as an advisor, finder, agent, broker or dealer on behalf or in respect of any person or entity in connection with such person’s actual or proposed investment in the Fund.

         1.  The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the General Partner (in its capacity as such) shall not be required to provide any services in connection with the actual or proposed transfer of all or any portion of the Interest, or in connection with any distribution by the Fund, which services would give rise to a requirement that the General Partner or any member thereof register as a broker or dealer under the Exchange Act or any other applicable law.

         1.  No part of the funds used by the Subscriber to acquire the Interest constitutes assets of; 
            -  an “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“**ERISA**”) or, 
				-  an individual retirement account as described in Section 408(a) of the Code, governmental benefit plan or “benefit plan investor” as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA and U.S. Department of Labor Regulations (i.e., any employee pension benefit plan or employee welfare benefit plan, an individual retirement account, an individual retirement annuity, an Archer MSA or a Coverdell education savings account) or any entities where underlying assets include “plan assets” by reason of a plan’s investment in the entities (a “**Benefit Plan Investor**”). If the Subscriber is a Benefit Plan Investor, neither the General Partner nor any of its affiliates acted as a “fiduciary” with respect to the purchase of the Interest by the Subscriber.

         1.  If the Subscriber is a resident of, or domiciled in, any jurisdiction within the European Economic Area or Switzerland: 
            -  the Subscriber actively solicited the General Partner in connection with a prospective investment in the Fund; 
            -  the Subscriber approached the General Partner on its own initiative; 
            -  the prospective investment in the Fund did not come about as a result of any direct or indirect marketing, offering or placement efforts by or on behalf of the Fund or the General Partner; and 
            -  neither the European Union (EU) Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers nor any similar national legislation applies to the Subscriber’s Interest in the Fund.

         1.  **Anti-Money Laundering, Economic Sanctions, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Boycott Representations.**
            -  **Identity of Subscriber and Beneficial Owners**. Neither the Subscriber, nor any of its affiliates or direct or indirect beneficial owners, 
               -  appears on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury (“**OFAC**”), nor is any of them otherwise a party with which the Fund is prohibited to deal under the laws of the United States or otherwise the subject or target of sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC (“**Sanctions**”); 
					-  is a person identified as a terrorist organization on any other relevant lists maintained by governmental authorities; 
					-  unless otherwise disclosed in writing to the General Partner prior to the Subscriber’s subscription for the Interest, is a senior foreign political figure, or any immediate family member  or close associate  of a senior foreign political figure; or 
					-  is located, organized or resident in a country that is the subject of Sanctions. The Subscriber further represents and warrants that the Subscriber: 
                  -  has conducted thorough due diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners; 
						-  has established the identities of all direct and indirect beneficial owners and the source of each beneficial owner’s funds; and 
						-  will retain evidence of those identities, any source of funds and any due diligence.

            -  **Source and Use of Funds**
               -  None of the Subscriber’s capital contributions or payments to the Fund and no distribution to the Subscriber shall cause the Management Parties to be in violation of applicable U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. laws or regulations, including, without limitation, anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, anti-bribery or anti-boycott laws or regulations, including, without limitation, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (“**USA PATRIOT ACT**”), the various statutes, regulations and Executive Orders administered OFAC and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

               - None of the Subscriber’s capital contributions or payments to the Fund is or will be derived from, invested for the benefit of, or related in any way to, 
                  -  the government of any country designated by the U.S. Secretary of State as a country supporting international terrorism, 
                  -  property that is blocked under any laws, orders or regulations administered by OFAC (“**OFAC Regulations**”), or that would be blocked under OFAC Regulations if it were in the custody of a U.S. national, 
                  -  persons to whom U.S. nationals cannot lawfully export services, or with whom U.S. nationals cannot lawfully engage in transactions, under OFAC Regulations, 
                  -  the government of any country that has been designated as a “non-cooperative country or territory” by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering or a country or financial institution designated by the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury as a “primary money laundering concern”, or 
                  -  directly or indirectly, any illegal activities. The Subscriber acknowledges that, pursuant to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, the General Partner acting on behalf of the Fund may be required to collect documentation verifying the Subscriber’s identity and the source of funds used to acquire the Interest before, and from time to time after, acceptance of this Subscription Agreement. 

               -  None of the Subscriber’s capital contributions or payments to the Fund will be made through an account located in a jurisdiction that appears on the list of boycotted countries published by the U.S. Department of Treasury pursuant to §999(a)(3) of the Code, as in effect at the time of the Subscriber’s contributions or payments, as the case may be. In the event that the Subscriber is, receives deposits from, makes payments to or conducts transactions relating to a non-U.S. banking institution (a “Non-U.S. Bank”) in connection with the Subscriber’s investment with respect to the Interest, such Non-U.S. Bank shall: 
                  -  have a fixed address, other than an electronic address or a post office box, in a country in which it is authorized to conduct banking activities, 
                  -  employ one or more individuals on a full-time basis, 
                  -  maintain operating records related to its banking activities, 
                  -  be subject to inspection by the banking authority that licensed it to conduct banking activities and 
                  -  not provide banking services to any other Non-U.S. Bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not a registered affiliate. The Subscriber agrees and acknowledges that, among other remedial measures, 
                     -  in order to comply with governmental regulations and/or if the General Partner determines in its sole discretion that such action is in the best interests of the Fund, the General Partner may “freeze the account” of the Subscriber, either by prohibiting additional investments by the Subscriber, segregating assets of the Subscriber and/or suspending other rights the Subscriber may have under the Partnership Agreement and 
							-   the Fund may be required to report such action or confidential information relating to the Subscriber (including without limitation, disclosing the Subscriber’s identity) to the regulatory authorities.

              -  **Payments in Name of Subscriber Only.** To comply with applicable U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, all contributions and payments by the Subscriber to the Fund and all payments and distributions to the Subscriber from the Fund will only be made in the Subscriber’s name and to and from a bank account of a bank that is not a “foreign bank” or “foreign shell bank” within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. § 5311 et seq.), as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, as such regulations may be amended from time to time.

				-  **Additional Information.** The Subscriber will provide to the Fund at any time during the term of the Fund such information that the General Partner determines to be necessary or appropriate 
               - to comply with the anti-money laundering laws, rules and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction and 
					- to respond to requests for information concerning the identity of the Subscriber from any governmental authority, self-regulatory organization or financial institution in connection with the Fund’s anti-money laundering compliance procedures, or to update such information. Failure to provide such information upon request may result in the compulsory withdrawal of the Subscriber from the Fund.

				-  **Filing of Suspicious Activity Reports.** The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Management Parties, in complying with anti-money laundering statutes, regulations and goals, may file voluntarily or as required by law suspicious activity reports (“**SARs**”) or any other information with governmental and law enforcement agencies that identify transactions and activities that the Management Parties reasonably determine to be suspicious, or is otherwise required by law. The Subscriber acknowledges that the Management Parties are prohibited by law from disclosing to third parties, including the Subscriber, any SAR filing itself or the fact that a SAR has been filed.

				-  **Freezing of Capital Account.** The Subscriber further understands and agrees that the General Partner may be obligated to “freeze” the Subscriber’s capital account (e.g., by prohibiting additional capital contributions from the Subscriber or suspending other rights the Subscriber may have under the Partnership Agreement, including restricting distributions) and the Management Parties may also be required to report any action or failure to comply with information requests and to disclose the Subscriber’s identity to governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations and financial institutions, in certain circumstances without notifying the Subscriber that the information has been so provided. Any report and/or disclosure made under these circumstances shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

			1.  The Subscriber has neither acquired nor will it transfer or assign the Interest (or any portion thereof or interest therein) or cause the Interest (or any portion thereof or interest therein) to be marketed on or through an “established securities market” or a “secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof)” within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, including, without limitation, an over-the-counter market or an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates firm buy or sell quotations. Furthermore, the Subscriber agrees that if it determines to transfer or assign all or any portion of the Interest pursuant to the provisions of the Partnership Agreement and in accordance with applicable securities laws, it will cause its proposed transferee to agree to the transfer restrictions set forth herein and to make the representations set forth above.

			1.  The Subscriber acknowledges that any investment by the Subscriber may not be accepted if the Subscriber cannot truthfully make the representations set forth in the preceding subsections of this Section 2.1.

			1.  The representations and warranties and covenants of the Subscriber in, and the other provisions of, this Subscription Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement and the admission of the Subscriber as a Limited Partner.
	
      1.  **Representations and Warranties of the General Partner and the Fund**. The General Partner and the Fund hereby represent and warrant to the Subscriber as follows:

         1.   The Master Partnership is a limited partnership duly formed, existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware.

         1.   The General Partner and the Fund has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Subscription Agreement (including the Exhibits) and the related documents to which it is a party.

         1.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement and the related documents to which it is a party by the General Partner and the Fund and the consummation by the General Partner and the Fund of the transactions contemplated hereunder have been duly and validly approved by the General Partner and the Fund. No other actions are necessary on the part of the Fund to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement and the related documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

         1. Upon acceptance of this Subscription Agreement and execution and delivery of the related documents to which the General Partner and/or the Fund is a party, this Subscription Agreement and such related documents will constitute valid and binding obligations of the General Partner and the Fund, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except to the extent that enforcement may be affected by laws relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency and creditors’ rights and by the availability of injunctive relief, specific performance and other equitable remedies.

      ### <center>SECTION 3</center>
   1. ### LEGENDS

      THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS OF THE FUND, INCLUDING CLASS A LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS, HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS. SUCH LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS MUST BE ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH (I) THE SECURITIES ACT, ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS; AND (II) THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FUND’S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. SUCH LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OF RECORD EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH LAWS AND SUCH LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. THEREFORE, PURCHASERS OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS SHALL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE RISK OF THEIR INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.

      ### <center>SECTION 4</center>
   1. ### PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; ELECTRONIC DELIVERY

      1.  If the Subscriber is a natural person (including a natural person investing through an individual retirement account), the Subscriber has been furnished and has had the opportunity to read the notice regarding privacy of financial information under the U.S. Federal Trade Commission privacy rule, 16 C.F.R. Part 313, attached hereto as Exhibit B, and agrees that the Interest is a financial product that the Subscriber has requested and authorized. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the Fund may disclose nonpublic personal information of the Subscriber to other Limited Partners, as well as to the Fund’s accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the Fund’s and the Limited Partners’ rights and obligations.

      1. The Subscriber agrees that the Offering Materials are Confidential Information under Section 5.9 of the Partnership Agreement. The Subscriber hereby agrees not to distribute or reproduce the Offering Materials, including any exhibits or schedules thereto, without the prior written consent of the General Partner.

      1. The Management Parties, each at its sole and absolute discretion, may provide any notices or other communications given or made to the Subscriber and deliver to the Subscriber (or the Subscriber’s designated agents) privacy statements, financial information (audited or otherwise), reports and other communications relating to any Management Party or otherwise relating to this Subscription Agreement and/or the Subscriber’s investment in the Fund (collectively, “**Disclosures**”) in electronic form, such as via email, the Platform or posting to a password protected website.

      1. The Management Parties will send emails to the email address that the Subscriber has provided to the General Partner before the date of this Subscription Agreement. If an email notification is undeliverable, delivery of the notice will be made to the Subscriber’s postal mail address of record. The Management Parties reserve the right to post communications on their respective websites without providing notice to the Subscriber, when permitted by law.

      1. The Subscriber agrees that all Disclosures provided to the Subscriber via email notification, the Platform or the website will be deemed to have been good and effective delivery to the Subscriber when sent or posted, regardless of whether the Subscriber actually or timely receives or accesses the email notification.

      1. The Subscriber understands that if it has any doubts about the authenticity of an email purportedly sent by the Management Parties, the Subscriber should contact the purported sender immediately.

      1. By signing this Subscription Agreement, the Subscriber affirmatively consents to the receipt of Schedule K-1s in electronic form. The Subscriber may withdraw its consent by notifying the General Partner. The General Partner will provide written confirmation of its receipt of a notice of withdrawal and the effective date of the withdrawal. The effective date of the withdrawal of consent will either be the date the notice of withdrawal is received or a subsequent date that will be communicated to the Subscriber within a reasonable time after the receipt of notice of the withdrawal of consent. A withdrawal of consent does not apply to a Schedule K-1 that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal of consent takes effect.

      1. Schedule K-1 will no longer be furnished electronically if the Subscriber provides notice that it has withdrawn consent, if the Subscriber is no longer a Limited Partner or if the IRS no longer permits electronic delivery.

      1. The Subscriber is required to provide the Fund and/or the General Partner with any updates to the Subscriber’s email address by emailing the General Partner.

      1. Schedule K-1 may be required to be printed and attached to a Federal, state or local income tax return.

      ### <center>SECTION 5</center>
   1. ### INDEMNIFICATION

      1. The Subscriber agrees that the Protected Persons shall not incur any liability, 

         -  in respect of any action taken upon any information provided to the Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Adviser by the Subscriber or for relying on any notice, consent, request, instructions or other instrument believed, in good faith, to be genuine or to be signed by properly authorized persons on behalf of Subscriber, including any document or information transmitted through the Platform or by email or, 

         - for adhering to applicable anti-money laundering obligations whether now or hereinafter in effect.     

      1. The Subscriber acknowledges that it understands the meaning and legal consequences of the representations and warranties contained in this Subscription Agreement, and except as otherwise agreed to in writing with the General Partner, hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Protected Persons from and against any and all loss, claim, damage, liability or expense whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements) due to or arising out of or based upon 

         - any inaccurate representation or warranty made by the Subscriber, or breach or failure by the Subscriber to comply with any covenant or agreement made by the Subscriber in this Subscription Agreement (including the Exhibits and the Subscriber’s tax forms) or in any other document furnished by the Subscriber to any of the foregoing in connection with this transaction, 

			-  any action for securities law violations instituted by the Subscriber that is finally resolved by judgment against the Subscriber, or 

			-  any action instituted by or on behalf of the Subscriber against a Protected Person that is finally resolved by judgment against the Subscriber or in favor of a Protected Person.

      1. Each Protected Person is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Subscription Agreement. The remedies provided in this Section 5 shall be cumulative and shall not preclude the assertion by any Protected Person of any other rights or the seeking of any other remedies against the Subscriber.

      1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Subscription Agreement or the Partnership Agreement shall constitute a waiver by a Subscriber of any of his, her or its legal rights under applicable U.S. federal securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be contractually waived.

      ### <center>SECTION 6</center>
   1. ### POWER OF ATTORNEY

      1. The Subscriber, by executing this Subscription Agreement, hereby appoints the General Partner, with full power of substitution, as the Subscriber’s true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, and agent of the Subscriber, with full power and authority to make, execute, acknowledge, verify, swear to, deliver, record and file, in the Subscriber’s name, place and stead: 

         - the Partnership Agreement (thereby causing the Subscriber to be admitted as a Limited Partner in the Fund), or any other agreement or instrument that the General Partner deems appropriate to admit the Subscriber as a Limited Partner of the Fund;
 
         - all certificates and other instruments, including any amendments to the Partnership Agreement or the certificate of formation of the Master Partnership, which the General Partner deems appropriate to form, qualify or continue the Fund as a series of the Master Partnership (or a company in which the members have limited liability) in the State of Delaware and all other jurisdictions in which the Partnership conducts or plans to conduct its affairs; 

         - any amendments to the Partnership Agreement or any other agreement or instrument which the General Partner deems appropriate to 

         -  effect the addition, substitution or removal of any Partner or General Partner pursuant to the Partnership Agreement or,
	 
         -  effect any other amendment or modification to the Partnership Agreement, but only if such amendment or modification is duly adopted in accordance with the terms hereof; 

         - all conveyances and other instruments which the General Partner deems appropriate to reflect the dissolution and termination of the Fund; 

         - any business certificate, fictitious name certificate, amendment thereto or other instrument or document of any kind necessary or desirable to accomplish the Fund’s business purposes and objectives or required by any applicable U.S., state, local or other law or regulation of any applicable jurisdiction; and 

         - all documents that may be reasonably determined by the General Partner to be necessary or appropriate with respect to satisfying any tax reporting responsibilities imposed upon the Fund.  Upon the acceptance (in whole or in part) of this subscription, to the maximum extent permitted by law, this power of attorney (“**Power of Attorney**”) will be coupled with an interest, will be irrevocable and will survive, and will not be affected by, the subsequent death, disability, incapacity, incompetency, termination, bankruptcy, insolvency or dissolution of the Subscriber.  If required, the Subscriber shall execute and deliver to the General Partner within 5 days after the receipt of a request therefor, such further designations, powers of attorney or other instruments as the General Partner shall reasonably deem necessary for the purposes hereof. The Power of Attorney may be exercised by the General Partner either by signing separately as attorney-in-fact for the Subscriber or, after listing the names of the Subscriber and other subscribers for Limited Partner interests, by a single signature of the General Partner acting as attorney-in-fact for all of them.

      1. The Subscriber represents and warrants that the Power of Attorney granted by the Subscriber has been executed by it in compliance with the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which this Subscription Agreement was executed and to which the Subscriber is subject.

      1. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that under the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the Subscriber grants a further power of attorney to the General Partner.

      ### <center>SECTION 7</center>
   1. ### MISCELLANEOUS

      1.  **Further Advice and Assurances**. All information which the Subscriber has provided to the Fund is true, correct and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof, and the Subscriber agrees to notify the Fund promptly upon becoming aware of any representation, warranty or information contained in this Subscription Agreement being untrue in any respect at any time. The Subscriber agrees to provide such information and execute and deliver such documents with respect to itself and its direct and indirect beneficial owners as the Fund may from time to time reasonably request to verify the accuracy of the Subscriber’s representations and warranties herein, establish the identity of the Subscriber and the direct and indirect participants in its investment in the Fund, to the extent applicable, to effect any transfer and admission and/or comply with any law, rule or regulation to which the Fund may be subject, including, without limitation, compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations or for any other reasonable purpose.

      1. **Withholding**. The General Partner is required to withhold a certain portion of the taxable income and gain allocated or distributed to the Subscriber unless the Subscriber provides documentation confirming that the Subscriber is not subject to withholding, or is subject to a reduced rate of withholding. The information in Exhibit A is provided to assist the Subscriber in complying with the U.S. rules for backup withholding and withholding with respect to income earned by Foreign Persons (as defined in Exhibit A).

      1. **Entire Agreement**. This Subscription Agreement (together with the Partnership Agreement and the Master Partnership Agreement as well as the terms and provisions of any side letter or similar agreement) contains the entire understanding between the Subscriber and the General Partner and/or the Fund, and supersedes any prior written or oral agreement between them, respecting the Fund. 

      1. **Amendments**. Any term of this Subscription Agreement may be amended or terminated and the observance of any term of this Subscription Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or prospectively), prior to the Fund’s winding-up, with only the written consent of the parties hereto.

      1. **Counterparts; Binding on Assignees.** This Subscription Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding upon all parties signatories thereto. Delivery of an executed signature of this Subscription Agreement by electronic transmission (DocuSign or equivalent or by electronic mail in portable document format (PDF) or by completion and submission of an electronically executable package through the Platform) will be effective as delivery of a manually executed signature of this Subscription Agreement.

      1. **Successors and Assigns**. The Subscriber agrees not to transfer or assign any rights or obligations under this Subscription Agreement to any other person or entity, and that any such attempted transfer or assignment shall be void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon any of their transferees, successors, assigns and legal representatives. 

      1. **No Third Party Beneficiaries.**  Except with regard the Subscriber’s obligation to Protected Persons as set forth in Section 5 or as otherwise specifically provided in this Subscription Agreement, the provisions of this Subscription Agreement are not intended to be, and are not, for the benefit of, or enforceable by, any third party.

      1. **Notices**. Any notice or other communication that one party desires to give to another party shall be made or provided in accordance with, and otherwise governed by, Section 9.6 of the Partnership Agreement. 

      1. **Electronic Delivery of Disclosures**.  Subject to the Fund’s compliance with security of personal information obligations described in the Privacy Notice, the Subscriber agrees to the electronic delivery of disclosure through the Platform. Federal law prohibits the Fund, the General Partner or their affiliates and designees from disclosing, without consent, the Subscriber’s tax return information to third parties or using that information for purposes other than the preparation of the Subscriber’s tax documents. As part of subscription to this offering, the Fund, the General Partner or their designees may disclose the Subscriber’s income tax return information to certain other affiliated entities or third-party service providers for tax return preparation and data aggregation purposes. The General Partner will collect, utilize and maintain the Subscriber’s personal information in the manner and in accordance with the standards set forth in the Privacy Notice attached hereto.  In executing this Subscription Agreement, the Subscriber authorizes the Fund and the General Partner to disclose tax return information to the General Partner or its Affiliates, their respective successors, or such other third-party service providers as the Subscriber may request or as may be required by the Fund or the General Partner for purposes preparing and delivering Schedule K-1 or other tax documentation relating to the Subscriber’s interest in the Fund.  If Subscriber has provided an email address to the Fund and checked the appropriate box in its registration information, Subscriber agrees that each of the General Partner, the Investment Adviser and the Fund may, at its election, send Subscriber required and non-required disclosure and other information to Subscriber’s email address. If Subscriber changes its email address, it will promptly notify the Fund in writing of its new email address. The foregoing consent will continue unless revoked by the Subscriber by notifying the Fund in writing. 

      1. **Dispute Resolution.** Any controversy, claim or other dispute arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement shall be resolved, and any costs associated therewith shall be apportioned among the parties hereto, in the same manner as if such controversy, claim or other dispute had arisen under Section 9.8 of the Partnership Agreement. 

      1. **Waiver**. Neither this Subscription Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated except with the written consent of Subscriber and the General Partner. 

      1. **Severability.** If any provision of this Subscription Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed severed from the remainder of this Subscription Agreement and replaced with a valid and enforceable provision as similar in intent as reasonably possible to the provision so severed, and shall not cause the invalidity or unenforceability of the remainder of the Partnership Agreement.

      1. **Governing Law**. The interpretation and enforceability of this Subscription Agreement and the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles. To the extent permitted by the Act and other applicable law, the provisions of this Subscription Agreement shall supersede any contrary provisions of the Act or other applicable law.

      1. **Headings**. The section headings contained in this Subscription Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Subscription Agreement.

[new-page]

### <center>Exhibit A</center>
 ### <center>INSTRUCTIONS RELATING TO FORMS W-8 AND W-9</center>

The type of documentation required from the Subscriber is a function of whether the Subscriber is a U.S. Person or a Foreign Person. 

1. **U.S. Persons; Form W-9**. U.S. Persons should complete and submit Form W-9 or equivalent available through the Platform. Form W-9 and instructions can be found at: <a href="https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-9">***IRS W-9***</a>. In general, “**U.S. Persons**” include: 
   - individual citizens or residents of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
	- corporations or partnerships created or organized under the laws of the states comprising the United States, estates, the incomes of which are subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of source, and 
	-  trusts, the administration of which are subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and regarding which one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions.

1. **Foreign Persons; Forms W-8**. Foreign Persons should complete and submit the appropriate Form W-8 or equivalent available through the Platform. Form W-8 and instructions can be found at: <a href="https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8">***IRS W-8***</a>. In general, “**Foreign Persons**” include: 
   - nonresident aliens, 
   - foreign corporations, 
   - foreign partnerships, 
   - foreign trusts or 
   - foreign estates (as each of those terms is defined in the Code and Treasury Regulations). 

   Summary guidelines are provided below for the benefit of those Foreign Persons required to provide Form W-8.

1. **Disregarded Entities**. In the case of entities that are disregarded for purposes of U.S. tax law (e.g., fiscally transparent entities with a single owner that have not elected to be taxed as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes), such entities are treated as U.S. Persons or Foreign Persons depending on the residence and status of their owners, rather than on where the disregarded entities are organized. Thus, an investor that is a U.S. disregarded entity with a foreign owner will generally be treated as a Foreign Person and should complete and submit the appropriate Form W-8 (as discussed below) based on the owner’s status. An investor that is a foreign disregarded entity with a U.S. owner will generally be treated as a U.S. Person and should complete and submit Form W-9. 

1. **Form W-8EXP**. The following Foreign Persons should complete and provide Form W-8EXP:

   - a foreign government;
	- an international organization;
	- a foreign central bank of issue;
	- a foreign tax-exempt organization;
	- a foreign private foundation; and
	- the government of a U.S. possession claiming the applicability of Section 115(2), 501(c), 892, 895 or 1443(b) of the Internal Revenue Code.

1. **Form W-8ECI**. A Foreign Person that holds a Fund interest which is effectively connected with such Person’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business should complete and provide Form W-8ECI.

1. **Form W-8IMY**. The following Foreign Persons should complete and provide Form W-8IMY:
   - Any Foreign Person (including a custodian, broker, nominee or agent) that holds a Fund interest on behalf of another person;
   - Any Foreign Person that is a flow-through entity or fiscally transparent (including a foreign partnership or foreign trust);
   - A foreign branch of a U.S. person to establish that it is a qualified intermediary that is not acting for its own account; and 
   - A U.S. branch of a foreign bank or foreign insurance company, to represent that 
      -  the Fund interest is not effectively connected with the conduct of a U.S. trade or business and 
		-  that either:
         -  the U.S. branch is to be treated as a U.S. person with respect to any payments associated with the Fund interest; or 
			-  the U.S. branch is providing the documentation of the persons for whom it holds the Fund interest.

   In order to avoid withholding on income allocated in respect of a Fund interest held by a Foreign Person who should complete and provide Form W-8IMY, such Foreign Person must also provide additional information and documentation as detailed in the printed instructions accompanying Form W-8IMY. A Foreign Person should complete and provide Form W-8IMY typically will need to provide information including, but not limited to, the following:

1.  A withholding statement including: 
   -  the name, address, U.S. TIN (including an ITIN, if any) and type of withholding documentation for every person for whom documentation has been received; 
	-  whether each such person is a U.S. Person exempt from backup withholding, a U.S. Person subject to backup withholding, or a Foreign Person; 
	-  whether each Foreign Person is a beneficial owner or intermediary, flow-through entity or U.S. branch; 
	-  how income attributable to the Fund interest should be allocated among the beneficial owners on whose behalf the Fund interest is held (see printed instructions to Form W-8IMY (attached) for an alternative allocation procedure); 
	-  for each beneficial owner who is a Foreign Person, the applicable rate of withholding, country of residence, the basis for any reduced rate of withholding, and other information; and 
	-  any other information requested by the General Partner for purposes of fulfilling its withholding obligations.
1.  A Form W-8 and other documentary evidence supporting the information contained in the withholding statement for each beneficial owner listed in the withholding statement.

   Certain Foreign Persons within the description of Foreign Persons who should complete and provide Form W-8IMY may have entered into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service to act as a withholding foreign partnership, withholding foreign trust, or qualified intermediary. Such Foreign Persons should consult the printed instructions to Form W-8IMY to determine the information they must provide to the General Partner to reduce or eliminate withholding on income allocated in respect of their Fund interests.

1. **Form W-8BEN and Form W-BEN-E**. A Foreign Person who is not described in the paragraphs above, and who will be the beneficial owner of a Fund interest, should complete and provide Form W-8BEN (if it is an individual) or Form W-8BEN-E (if it is an entity).

   Please note that your Form W-8BEN may be used both for purposes of claiming an exemption from backup withholding otherwise applicable to U.S. Persons and for purposes of claiming a reduced rate of withholding on dividend distributions pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty. Foreign Persons intending to claim a reduced rate of withholding pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty must provide a U.S. taxpayer identification number in Part I, and must properly complete Part II, of their Form W-8BEN. Foreign Persons that are entities should complete all portions of Form W-8BEN-E necessary to document their status under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.

   FOREIGN PERSONS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO WHICH FORM W-8 SHOULD BE USED AND HOW SUCH FORM SHOULD BE COMPLETED. FAILURE TO PROPERLY COMPLETE THE APPROPRIATE FORM W-8 COULD RESULT IN WITHHOLDING TAX BEING IMPOSED ON AMOUNTS ALLOCATED OR DISTRIBUTED BY THE FUND.

[new-page]

### <center>Exhibit B</center>
 ### <center>PRIVACY NOTICE</center>

We appreciate the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of information that you have shared with us. We take the responsibility of safeguarding your privacy seriously while we assist you in achieving your financial objectives. In this Privacy Notice, the terms “we,” “our” and “us” refer to {{carta.fund_name}} (the “**Fund**”) and our employees. The terms “you” and “your” in this Privacy Notice refer broadly to all of the investors that have provided information to Fund (including prospective and former individual investors).

This Privacy Notice is being delivered to you now in order to satisfy a federal law that requires investment funds to inform their clients of the policies regarding the privacy of subscriber information. The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to describe the types of non-public information we collect about you, explain to you what we will do with this information, and explain the ways that we protect your privacy. This Privacy Notice also explains the ways in which we share this personal information with our affiliates, including {{carta.gp_entity_name}} (collectively, the “**Affiliates**”).

If we change our information practices, we will provide you notice of any material changes. This Privacy Notice supersedes all previous notices or statements with respect to subject matters described in this Privacy Notice.

If you are comfortable with our handling of information we collect, you do not need to take any action at this time. Please read this Privacy Notice and keep it for your records. 

1. **Types of Non-Public Personal Information that We Collect**. In the conduct of our business, we collect and maintain various types of information about our investors, including:

   - Your name, address, telephone and electronic addresses;
   - Identification information, such as account numbers and Social Security numbers;
   - Information regarding your status as an accredited investor, a qualified purchaser and a qualified client, such as your assets, liabilities, employment, income and expenses that you may provide to us in a certification of your status as such;
   - Investment activity information, such as the specific investment opportunities or transactions that you have chosen to participate in; and
   - Information regarding your financial situation which permits us to assess your investment objectives.

1. **How We Use Your Personal Information**. We use your non-public personal information only for legitimate business purposes that are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The nature of our business requires us to work very closely with our Affiliates. We share all personal information that we collect with our Affiliates; our Affiliates have agreed to adhere to our strict privacy standards when handling your personal information. 

   The following summarizes the principal ways in which either we or our Affiliates, use your non-public personal information:

   - To select and close on transactions in which you have chosen to invest. For example, we use information that you provide to us regarding your interest in a particular offering in order to gauge whether sufficient interest exists to fund a particular investment opportunity.
   - To comply with applicable laws and regulations. For example, we use information gathered in your investor questionnaire to insure that we are offering our investment opportunities consistent with the requirements of federal and state securities laws and regulations.
   - To help us inform you of investment opportunities. For example, we use information about your prior investments to assist us in determining subsequent offerings in which you may be interested.

1. **Information We Disclose to Third Parties.** In order to conduct our business on your behalf, we are sometimes required to disclose your personal information to persons or entities that are not affiliated with us. On those occasions when it is necessary for us to share your personal information with non-affiliated companies, we do not disclose this information to these companies except as permitted by law. 

   While we never sell your personal information, it is often necessary for us to provide your personal information to third parties to provide you with better service or to third parties that we have engaged to assist us in closing a particular transaction. It is also sometimes necessary to share information related to a specific transaction with third parties who are only involved with that transaction. While we attempt to limit the categories and amount of personal information that is disclosed, we may share any of your personal information in one or more of the following circumstances:

   - We may disclose transaction-related information with individuals and entities who are involved with a specific transaction. For example, many transactions that we structure require investor member signature pages to be affixed to the Limited Partnership agreement of the primary investment entity. When participating in an offering you provide your name, address, and investment amount on these investor member signature pages. This Limited Partnership Agreement is then circulated to all professionals and third parties who are involved in effecting the transaction. This may include, for example, lenders, escrow officers, and counsel for other third party transaction participants.
   - We may disclose personal information about you to third parties for servicing and processing transactions, to comply with the requests or instructions of our regulators, to protect against fraud, for risk control, to respond to subpoenas, court orders and legal reporting requirements, or to perform services on either your or our behalf.
   - We may disclose your personal information to third parties to whom you have given your written consent, including when you give someone power of attorney or other authorization to act on your behalf.
   - We may disclose your personal information to protect you against fraud and unauthorized transactions, and to resolve client disputes.
   - We may disclose your personal information to companies that provide services to us, such as our attorneys, accountants, and auditors.
   - We may be required by law to provide to the federal government information about the identity of our investors, as well as their individual receipts of income and gross proceeds pursuant to Sections 1471-1747 of the United States Internal Revenue Code.

1. **How We Obtain Non-Public Personal Information**. We obtain your non-public personal information primarily from you. For example, when you make an investment with us we are required by federal and state securities laws to gather sufficient financial information from you to determine whether you are an accredited investor, as such term is defined in the federal securities laws. You provide us with your personal information when you complete a subscriber questionnaire, a correspondence page, and various other applications and forms. We also gather information when you participate in a transaction with us or with our Affiliates. We also obtain information from our Affiliates. For clients who also happen to be business partners, borrowers or who have otherwise engaged in other forms of business relationships with us or with our Affiliates, we may obtain personal information about you through various other methods when done outside of the context of your relationship with us as a client. If we are unable to obtain this personal information from you, we may be prevented from providing you with a service such as selling you an interest in an investment opportunity that we are offering.

1. **Protecting Non-Public Personal Information from Unauthorized Access**. Safeguarding the confidentiality, security and integrity of your non-public personal information is very important to us. We have established systems, policies and procedures to protect your personal information physically, electronically and procedurally from being accessed by unauthorized persons. Access to such information is restricted to our employees who are trained in the proper handling of client information. Employee access to non-public personal information is limited to those with a legitimate business reason for such access. We train our employees in our privacy policies and procedures, and they are held accountable for adhering to them.

1. **Questions or Concerns**. If you have any other questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies or regarding any matters set forth in this Privacy Notice please feel free to contact {{carta.gp_entity_name}}.
   